>> Steve Kinney: Before we said we had
this command L to chat which will drop you
over to that sidebar we just saw and
command K to generate.
So let's try it out, let's say anyone know
what they want to generate?, I have ideas,
but like it's going to be a to
do list if you leave it to me.
>> Student: VS Code fork button.
>> Steve Kinney: What's that?
>> Student: Should you do
like a VS Code fork button.
>> Steve Kinney: So before we hit anything
there, who knows how it's going to end up
for us, you can see that in this situation
it is tending to use a lighter model.
So you can have the agent is going to
be able to traverse the code base,
figure out what files it
thinks it needs to understand.
Both the ones you told it about as well as
ones it thinks it needs to know based on
what it's doing.
You can even see by default,
I think I had on auto,
I left it on Claude Force on it with
thinking, the brain is thinking.
Thinking is great, we like thinking,
thinking costs money,
same is true for humans.
It will tend to use a lighter model for
these inline things because it doesn't
need as much context, it doesn't
need to consider what it's doing.
It just kind of like needs to know
the current thing you have highlighted or
where it is, for instance,
who knows how this goes.
>> Steve Kinney: Interesting choice,
we'll kind of just take the thing
that you are highlighting and do it right.
But let's play with this a little bit more
because there's some powerful things you
can do with this, being able to surgically
go to the piece of code that you need and
ask it about to do something is great.
But there are ways that we
can make this even better,
so let's just make a brand new file, so
let's say we want to say not a Rust file,
typescript file.
And we'll say you can
see you get that kind of
Copilot stuff in there as well,
but you can say and
here's that tab feature which is
ruining all of my mojo right now,.
Where it kind of guesses
what you want to do next,
which is pretty great and
it's kind of neat how it works.
Let's make it X and Y and
it saw that I just changed
the last two variables of add from A and
B to X and Y,
and it goes,
you probably want to do that for subtract.
And you probably want to add
the rest of these, which is like,
if I wasn't trying to show how to use
Control K, that would be 100% true,
and it figured out what to do with
the export and so on and so forth.
But you can do stuff like that,
you do not need to use proper markdown,
I don't know why I'm like this,
so I was like, hey,
this is my own personal preference,
I like to do export const, doesn't matter.
AI is generally the code base
I have to live in it, so
it's going to live in my styles.
So two things, one is that it generally
speaking got the intention with what I
selected and what I want to do again.
And this is like this kind of
surgical approach is definitely not
the vibe in vibe coding,
do you know what I mean?
You are not going to create a giant
mess selecting code and expressing
your intention on one given thing, so
choose your level of risk taking ness.
Obviously this is just could I do
this with multiple cursors?, yeah,
because that's like my 1 talent in life.
But the idea of just being able to
do some of these quick refactors or
stuff like that is incredible.
And use current in all these functions,
let's get functional
programming about this.
So currying is when you have a function
where you apply the first argument,
it returns a function that waits for
the second argument, not that bad in ES6,
it used to be a pain previously.
You can continue following up and
giving it more things you want to do.
The other thing that you might notice is
that both currently exist simultaneously,
because this isn't necessarily
committed just yet.
This is effectively like this is what
you wanted, and it will do this in agent
mode too, you will be much more
tempted to hit accept all.
This like you are not going to make
a big mess from this one modality.
And it's arguably incredibly powerful
because if you were going to sit there in
a larger code base and
change these all by hand,
it would take you a while
do this stuff totally.
You can accept all of them, you can keep
any individual one, in this case you could
add more, in this case we'll hit accept,
and now you have these new pieces of code.
What's nice about this mode
is I know how it does it,
I'm not entirely sure because it seems to
work for Cursor and not for other things.
Anyway is that let's say you had this app
running with hot module reloading going
you will see what the suggested version
would do, it'll run the suggested code.
So you can say, no, this broke everything,
and get all that kind of in place,
but you can do these
like larger refactors.
And so I can say something like there
are some kind of interesting ones,
like what is called a lot of
times one shot prompting.
So when we think about ChatGPT, we think
about chat, a back and forth dialogue.
One shot is do thing, so
a lot of times you do mirror,
like either like const or
variable or function.
And you can say mirror
divide as modulo and
it will go effectively look
at the divide function and
give you another one that is
very like similar to that.
And so for instance,
we said something like const add action,
which will assume we're doing redux,
we'll say type sure,
as you can see,
it's helpful in a lot of ways.
But when you're trying to actually
show the things, the tab completion,
which is my favorite feature
that I use constantly,
you probably wanted to export this,
didn't you?, I did, I did.
We can say something like mirror is
nice if you have a piece of code and
you just want to make another
one with some slight changes.
It'll look at that function,
it will figure out
roughly what it's doing,
it'll make you another one, so
we can even say like mirror addaction as
subtract action, no giant surprises here.
The other one that's
interesting of mirror,
I need a variable that does something.
The other one I think
is really kind of neat,
is like just saying I need a function,
this one's saying a function.
You roughly describe what it's supposed
to do and it will go ahead and
look at the code in that file
because it has that context,
roughly give you something that aspires
to be the very few words you gave it.
Now again, you're not going to get into
too much trouble here because ideally you
are looking at the code.
I mean getting into the flow can be
dangerous because all of a sudden
you're just like, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,
we have problems here, but you can
begin to spec some of the stuff out.
Also, the same way is and
so you can kind of
get some of that.
Again, this is code that you could
totally have written yourself and
it would have taken you 5,
10 minutes and now it doesn't.
So immediately, even if you're like,
I'm not comfortable with all of
this go across my entire code base.
You can begin to kind of get a sense
of ways that at least engaging
with some of these tools can speed up
the less glamorous stuff in your life.
That kind of surgical, presumably
we can highlight the piece of code,
if even all of a sudden, you're still
on the hook for doing some stuff here,
but it's not how I would have done it,
welcome to the game.
But you can begin to take little pieces
and again, you're expressing yourself in
code and again you can play
a game called Follow the Problem.
Which leads me to my next
favorite Cursor feature,
we all know this little pop up from
VS Code, it's you made Typescript Angry.
I live in you made Typescript angry land,
this right here,
this button, I mean Ctrl+Shift+D as well,
this button which is like,
as you can see it,
like loads it into the chat,.
And starts to write you the initial
part of the prompt, I love this,
I know, it's so dumb, it's so dumb.
For the code present, we get this
error unknown is not assignable,
how can I resolve this?,
if you propose, please make it concise.
And so let's do that and see what it does,
our first taste of some of these
other modes, where now you can see how
these two modes start to play together.
So looking at the TypeScript one,
it explains it to you,
two, it proposes a fix because
technically, if you return action and
yeah, I get it,
Typescript's not wrong in this case.
In strict mode, it's totally legit,
but here we coerce it into a Boolean,
so we're not taking something
that is truthy or falsey,
it is actually true and false because I
have type mode set to Typescript Strict.
Whatever, language is hard, but
we can see that it proposes
the changes and I can go ahead and
like keep or remove.